# Predict free trials by campaign strategies
This code repository is for the Data Science and Engineering OA's. This repository stores Robinhood, Klaviyo, and MLB projects.

### Campaign Problem:

Develop a detailed analytical model using the provided dataset to evaluate the effectiveness of marketing initiatives on free trials. Deliverables include documented code and a PowerPoint presentation highlighting key findings and demonstrating your understanding.

### Campaign Data:

* ATL_OR_DR: Indicates if the campaign is Above the Line (ATL) or Direct Response (DR). ATL campaigns focus on broad awareness, while DR campaigns drive immediate action.
* CAMPAIGN_TYPE: Specifies the campaign type: Brand: Builds brand awareness, Title: Promotes a specific title, Launch: Launch or * relaunch of the platform in a region, Promotion: Promotional campaigns.
* CHANNEL: The channel used for the campaign.
* COST: The campaign cost (in USD).
* FREE_TRIALS: The number of free trials generated by the campaign.

equity_value_data.csv - contains user_id and equity_value for user along with timestamps for days when the user's equity value is greater than or equal to $10.

### Getting Started:
In VScode terminal, run this command:
```
pc: python -m venv .venv
macOS: python3 -m venv .venv
```
In VScode terminal, run this command:
```
pc: .venv\Scripts\activate
macOS: source .venv/bin/activate
```
While the virutal environment is running, run the following command:
```
pip install -r requirements.txt
```
 Packages include:
```
polars - parallel distribution dataframe library
pandas - single distribution dataframe library
numpy - matrix library
pytorch - neural network library
scikit-learn - standard ml library
matplotlib - visualization library
seaborn - visualization library
imbalanced-learn - handling imabalnce dataset library
xgboost - gradient boosting library
lightgbm - gradient boosting library
mlflow - manage ml lifecycle platform
pyspark - distributed computing framework
shap - model interpretability library
optuna - hyperparameter optimization library
featuretools - automated feature engineering library
sqlalchemy - ORM to connect aws postgresql db library
```
After the installs complete, run any notebook

